{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
}

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

i need to initialize a repository, because otherwise i won't be able to convert turn the directory to a git repository and make commits

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

It is a area, where we can make changes on files before it is saved as a commit in the repository, so it's simply a middle area. The working directory is that, what has to be initialized, in order to turn it into a repository

Third bug asteroids

restore version 3884eab839af1e82c44267484cf2945a766081f3
the last working version df035382c41b4d0cda86a1aa30b53f15bef05b53


too many bullets were shoted

the version with the bug 25ede836903881848fea811df5b687b59d962da3
 I can't spell 'screen' apparently :)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

by changing only one file per commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

if i want to make a experiment branch and see if it works, without changing the master branch, where i know, that the code works.

if the experiment code works, i can later unit it to the master branch

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

it helps by showing you how the branchs are connected with each other

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

the result is the two branches being included in the currently checked out branch
